Begining (Weijie Zhou):
Kevin is a general who is about to lead troops into battle. In recent day, he gradually completed the military task of assembling the troops, training the troops and preparing the food and grass. 
The night before the battle, Kevin came to see his unmarried wife Berry's room. He carefully told Berry whom to turn to for help when she encountered difficulties during the war and left enough money for her.

Middle (Deming Xu):
Berry said to Kevin:"Please, be safe and come back to me!" Kevin kissed her, and left to the room.
A week later, the battle began. Since Kevin's troop were using high-technology weapon, they can easily killed long-ranged target without getting any hurt. Soon, the enemies was about to be repulsed. Suddenly, Kevin saw there is a women showing among the enemies, she was tied up with a rope, and crying. "Berry!" Kevin recognized her, "Berry's kidnapped!" Then, a man walk came out with a gun, he pointed the gun to Berry and shouted at Kevin: "Put down your weapon, or I will kill your wife." "No way!", Kevin said, "If you are a man, let my wife go". 
"Kevin!" Berry said, "Just use your superpower, I trust you, you can do this. Even if I died, I will be your wife in my next life!". Kevin quickly put up his gun, and fired hundreds of bullets to every enemy within a few seconds. Then, he ran to Berry and got her out of there. "We are safe now, let's go home", Kevin said.

End (Isaac Colbert):
The couple quickly fled the scene of the battle. "I can't believe they kidnapped you! What cowards!" Kevin roared. Berry took his hand in both of hers and rested her head against his chest. "I knew you would save me," she said softly. Kevin let out a sigh of relief and pulled Berry close. "I'm just glad you're okay. I don't know what I would do if I lost you." Berry kissed him on the cheek and smiled. "Let's jast amke sure that never happens." The two slowly walked along the road, arm in arm, heading for their home. The carnage and fear of the battlefield was behind them now, as they pressed on towards their happy future.
